NARRATOR While visiting Goodra's
homeland and happily reuniting
with many of its old friends,
Goodra also unhappily reunited
with its powerful rival,
Florges.
The two engaged
in a fierce battle
and Goodra was badly hurt.
Later, that evening..
[SHOCKED]/[PANICKED]
Give back my Pikachu! Stop!
[grunting]
No! Don't try to get up, Goodra.
You need your rest.
‐ What?
‐ Serena, what happened?
Somebody's kidnapped Pikachu,
Dedenne, and Wooper!
‐ They just took them away.
‐ They took them away?
Alright! Frogadier,
use Water Pulse on Beedrill
and Fletchinder,
cut that net, let's go!
[DETERMINED]
‐ Ah!
‐ Oh, no!
You can't, Goodra.
You need your rest.
[WORRIED]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Beyond The Rainbow!"
Fletchinder, you okay?
[CONCERNED]
[WEAK]
Ash!
But why would they do
such a thing?
[WORRIED]/[STRUGGLING]
What are you doing? Huh?
[ANGRY]
ASH
Goodra!
Come on, Goodra,
hang in there.
[STRUGGLING]
Huh?
We've gotta
get them back right away.
Listen, Ash, we saw something
while analyzing
the surveillance videos.
Clemont, what did you see?
Team Rocket
is clearly a part of this.
I should've known.
Team Rocket?
They're bad guys
who are always up to no good
and causing trouble
by stealing
other people's Pokémon.
I wonder
if Team Rocket is using
Florges and the others.
That sounds
like something they'd do.
Goodra, do you know
where Florges is?
[CERTAIN]
Good. Then lead the way.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
‐ Hold on, Clemont.
‐ Huh?
Something's bothering me.
I'll catch up
after I look into it.
For now,
just make sure you stay safe.
I understand.
[ANGRY]
[CONCERNED]
[WORRIED]
Florges, please tell us.
What's the status
of your dear Floette?
The water level's going down,
right?
Is that what you're
trying to tell us?
So Floette's not getting enough
of the water's healing effect.
None of this would've happened
if it weren't
for what that Goodra did.
[SURPRISED]
[SHOCKED]
Goodra wants to chase you all
out of the wetlands
and keep them for its friends.
That's why it came back
with reinforcements
like those Twerp Pokémon.
[ANGRY]
Liar, liar,
Pokémon pants on fire.
The jig is up,
so come clean for a change.
[ANGRY]
Don't worry,
we're on your side, Florges
and we're here 100 percent.
Yup, we'll have your Floette
feeling fit as a fiddle
before you can say boo.
Right. Fret not.
Those timid Twerps wouldn't
dare make a single move
as long as we've got them
under lock and key.
[ANGRY]
Just as I suspected.
The healing effect of the water
has gotten quite weak.
[CONCERNED]/[SURPRISED]
We'd better go and check up
on the source of the spring.
[FOCUSED]
[all gasping]
Now, hold on, we're not here
to start a fight, okay.
We want Pikachu
and the other Pokémon back.
We know Team Rocket's
around here somewhere.
They're the bad guys.
Don't let them fool you.
[screaming]
Please stop!
You've got to believe us!
[screaming]
‐ It's no use.
‐ But we've got to do something.
Chespin, Bunnelby, come out!
Use Vine Whip and Mud Shot!
Let's go!
[ATTACK]
We'll help too!
Braixen, use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
‐ Go! We'll distract them!
‐ Yeah.
Good. I'm coming with you!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Hey, over here!
Chespin and Bunnelby.
Focus and
let's take care of this!
[FOCUSED]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Dedenne!
Wooper! Where are you?
So are the three of them here?
[all gasping]
‐ Florges, it's you!
‐ Where's Dedenne?
[PLEASED]
I'll bet Team Rocket
put you up to this, didn't they?
Trying to take over.
Can't you see that
they're all really bad guys?
He's right! They're not
telling you the truth.
[ANGRY]
[all gasping]
The water's really low.
Maybe that's why it's mad.
Do you actually think
we're responsible for that?
You're wrong! We had nothing
to do with any of that.
Huh?
POKEDEX Floette,
the Single Bloom Pokémon
and the evolved form of Flabebe.
'Floette appear
in flower gardens'
'to welcome new blooms
with a graceful dance.'
‐ You're caring for it?
‐ Floette looks like it's sick.
[ANGRY]
[all gasping]
‐ Hey, what's going on?
‐ Look at the water!
[SHOCKED]
Huh! Clemont?
‐ Do you know what's happening?
‐ Up there!
Huh?
Where'd all the water go?
Prepare for trouble,
it's running dry.
And make it double,
'cause we know why.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce
the evils of truth and love!
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
Surrender now or prepare
for a thirsty fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[PROUD]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Dedenne!
[CONCERNED]
So it was you after all.
I'm actually quite impressed
that you figured out
we were the ones
who were manipulating Florges.
My brother figured it out.
He knew you were the ones
who attacked Goodra too.
So the missing water
was your doing, right?
Perceptive, we not only stole
every last drop from the spring
but from the entire wetlands.
Yeah, you would.
I'm so very sorry, Florges.
I have to confess the reason
Floette hasn't been feeling
quite up to par lately
is Team Rocket.
Why are you doing this?
You Twerps are as clueless
as they come, aren't you?
'Florges took control of the
water because Floette'
'is feeling under the weather.'
'Aw, touching.'
'Makes you want to break down
and cry, doesn't it?'
'But we took it
all for us instead.'
Water that can heal the minds
and bodies of Pokémon
is worth a fortune,
and we're fortunate
to steal it, dig?
How evil can you get?
[ANGRY]
Us? You're quite the chump.
Fooling a naive Pokémon
like you was a piece of cake.
And man, did that piece
of cake taste good.
[ANGRY]
Calm down!
[coughing]
[PANICKED]
Ah, but wait,
there's much more!
‐ We've got your friends!
‐ Clemont! Serena! You okay?
‐ Huh?
Keanan!
I need to know
where Team Rocket is?
‐ Oh!
‐ Huh!
‐ Hey, that sound.
‐ What is it?
[all gasping]
‐ Huh!
‐ What's that?
‐ Team Rocket, come back! Huh?
‐ Ash!
So it was
Team Rocket after all!
That means we know
what's inside their plane.
Pikachu and the others.
They must have
the stolen water too.
‐ You mean they took all of it?
‐ Mm‐hm.
And Florges and all its friends
took control of the spring
because Floette's really sick
and needs help.
Uh! Is that true?
So Florges did all
of this so Floette
could finally get well.
[grunts]
Goodra!
Let's take back that water!
Get me up there.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
[screaming]
[CONCERNED]
Ugh! Florges.
[CONFIDENT]/[STRUGGLING]
Florges, I'm really glad
you came to help.
[DETERMINED]
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
‐ Huh!
‐ Aah!
[DETERMINED]
[STRUGGLING]
Looks like we have
unwelcome guests on board.
Alright, then
simply throw them off.
Yeah.
[PROUD]
[Team Rocket groaning]
[screaming]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Florges!
[EXCITED]
[DETERMINED]
[DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
[grunting]
Huh! Wow, nice job, Goodra!
[PROUD]
[screaming]
JESSIE
Annoying brats!
I'm sealing off
the corridor in Area E.
We can't just ignore them,
so what do you recommend?
Educate them,
teach them a lesson
and give them the boot!
Like this,
switching to autopilot
while we deal with this.
[PROUD]
Huh?
[HAPPY]
Now, what?
[EXERTION]
Thanks, Goodra!
[GRATEFUL]
Man, that was a close one.
[CONFIDENT]
[SHOCKED]
[HAPPY]
Now, don't worry, you guys!
I'll get you out of there!
‐ I think not.
‐ Not you again!
Hanging out with
the Twerpish crowd, I see.
Your usefulness
has long since expired.
[ANGRY]
Boo‐hoo, you're mad that we
pulled the wool over your eyes
and now you want
all your water back.
It's not our fault
that you're a fool.
Acting like
some sort of royalty.
‐ Well, not anymore.
‐ Pikachu stays with us!
Inkay! Let's play!
You too, Pumpkaboo!
[APPEARING]
Hey, you sure
you're feeling up to this?
[DETERMINED]
Alright, Goodra and Florges
time to save Pikachu.
Oh, Ash.
Pumpkaboo! Show Florges
your Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[MOONBLAST MOVE]
[PAINED]
Now!
Inkay, use Psybeam on Florges!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[DETERMINED]/[PAINED]
Goodra, no!
[CONCERNED]
Hey, Goodra! You're still
not fully healed from before.
Which gives Pumpkaboo
the chance to use
Dark Pulse on Goodra.
While Inkay uses Psybeam!
[ATTACK]
[PETAL BLIZZARD MOVE]
[screaming]
[HAPPY]
Are you okay?
Well, that's a big relief.
[STRUGGLING]/[DETERMINED]
[FOCUSED]
‐ My head.
‐ Aw!
Alright, Pumpkaboo,
use Dark Pulse on Goodra
once more with feeling!
Inkay, now show Florges
why your Psybeam
is second to none!
Goodra, use Ice Beam!
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
All of you!
Please, I need your power!
We've gotta help Ash!
[DETERMINED]
[WORRIED]
Now, what do we do?
[FOCUSED]
Yanmega!
Thank goodness.
They made it in time.
I'm counting on you.
Alright, Florges.
You're up next.
Aah!
[PANICKED]/[STRUGGLING]
[PANICKED]
Goodra! Florges!
[gasping]
[PANICKED]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
[screaming]
Quick, help them out
with Water Gun!
[WATER GUN MOVE]
[screaming]
Huh?
Ash! Ash, you're alright!
[RELIEVED]
ASH
'You were awesome.'
'Thanks, everybody!'
[HAPPY]
[laughing]
Pikachu!
[HAPPY]
Oh, no! There's not even
a hint of water in the soil.
Without water, none of the
plants will be able to survive.
This is such a beautiful area
but now I'm afraid all the
Pokémon will lose their home.
[WORRIED]/[DETERMINED]
Is that Rain Dance?
Goodra's amazing.
[AMAZED]
Huh? Oh, yeah!
Look at
all the beautiful water!
The amazing power
of Grassy Terrain.
‐ Ah!
‐ Wow!
Everything's coming
back to life.
[PROUD]
[STARTLED]/[HAPPY]
Floette's getting well.
What a wonderful sight to see.
[HAPPY]
[SURPRISED]/[FOCUSED]
[SURPRISED]
[HAPPY]
Look at that!
I'm so glad
they're all friends.
[JOYOUS]
They're all having so much fun.
Now, there's nothing
to worry about.
Great! Right, Ash?
Hey, Goodra.
I think you should stay here.
[SHOCKED]
This place is where
you really belong, right?
At home in the wetlands.
Don't you think so?
Huh? The wetlands?
What are you talking about?
That means goodbye.
Yeah, I know it does.
ASH
'This is hard for me too.'
'But Goodra, you're strong now.'
You're not
a little Goomy anymore.
Now you can help
and protect all your friends.
Now you'll all be able
to live together happily.
That's what you wanted
most of all, right?
[SHOCKED]
[SAD]
I think he's right.
Maybe it is the best thing
for Goodra.
The wetlands
and for all these Pokémon.
[SAD]
Even if we're far apart,
no matter what happens
we'll always be friends.
We'll always be friends.
Goodbye, Goodra,
I'll never forget you.
And please,
don't forget about us.
We're forever friends.
[crying]
Now, look at me.
I'm all slimy, aren't I?
[UPSET]
Take good care
of yourself, Goodra!
And all your friends!
[HAPPY]
Bye! See you again!
NARRATOR
Saying goodbye to a friend
is always a difficult task
but it's sometimes a necessary
part of the rich experiences
our heroes have come
to know along their way
as their journey continues.
[theme music]